And, uh, my, uh, opener was there with me.
And what the was I going to tell you something about him?
And I can't even remember at this point, God, the guy's such a little boy.
He's the one who farted on the ground. Um,
but, uh, it was fun.
I brought him in over my Irish friend mark to, um,
what do you call it?
What does this judgmental map of Memphis? Like,
it's like a racist judgemental or it's like, that means a real thing.
That's a joke. Okay. Gotcha. Oh yeah. Got it.
Um, yeah. So stay at a Memphis, I guess. I don't know, but we were there,
we did a bus. It was the first time I was ever on a bus tour. I dad was like,
you know what? I've always wanted to do it. It costs money,
a lot of money to rent a bus.
So we rented a bus and had the king bed in the back or the,
I don't know how big or the thing was. And then we had the, um,
the bunks for them and mark and Mike would sleep in the bunks bro.
The first night on the bus.
I was like, how the do you say? Because you, what you do is you do it.
And then you drive.
All night on the bus to the next area. And I was like, okay, cool bands do it.
And. But I was always like, how the.
Did, um, I was like, how did, uh,
how do, how did you sleep when you're driving? It must be tough.
But then I was like, I probably don't know because.
It's probably a lot easier than I would think with all the bumps.
It's probably not as.
Bumpy the first night. It's it's bumpy as.
I mean, literally you're like trying to sleep like this.
It's like you're at ACE Ventura in that when he's driving in the thing is like
Chitty, Chitty, bang, bang. What's that ACE Ventura two dude.
It's it's it you're you're literally like this you're you're I was sleeping.
My Dick was flooding. I've been all around in my abdomen.
It was hitting each one of my six packs.
Just knock lamps off, dude. Um,
and uh, my Dick.
Flew out the window once I was like, dude, get back here, Dick.
I had to pull it in. I almost got hit by a car. No,
but you're bouncing around like crazy gotten zeros sleep the first night.
Uh, and uh.
And I was like, yeah.
Oh that I knew that what's up with all these bands doing this.
It's too hard. Then the next night I.
Zonked out. I did it do it. And I slept like a baby dude. Um,
but I don't know if I'll do a bus again.
Like it's kind of weird to be on the bus. You fall asleep.
And then the driver gets there like while you're sleeping and then dry, like,
I don't know this guy, you know, like I don't this driver,
but also like this guy's just a stranger.
That's now basically in my house.
While I'm sleeping and, and kidnapping.
Me is basically what he's doing.
Like I have a stranger come in and that's when you are on a bus driving,
you have a stranger come in and kidnap you and take you to another city.
Oh, and this time it was a Memphis.
So how.
About that dude? That's how G I am.
I had a guy while I was sleeping,
kidnap me and take me to Memphis and I'm counting it. I'm counting it.
Even though I set it all up, I'm counting it.
It's like one of those places, like it's like having one of those,
I had a kidnapped fantasy. You ever hear about rape fantasies and.
I was talking to my buddy about,
he was telling me that this girl had this like rape fantasy that he knew he
never did it with her, but he was like, yeah, I want you basically.
I tell guys it's okay.
If I'm familiar with them to break into my house and.
Me. Uh, uh, uh, uh,
Hey, there, that's real. That's real.
How about that? That's where that sentence sense. Hey, that's real.
That's it's not a rape fantasy. That's just rate.
Did you care?
Yo bro. We're cool. Yo bro. Hey, just so you know, we're cool.
So whenever you want, don't matter what I'm doing.
Break into my house and me up. That's no matter what if your dudes two dudes.
Wow. You know, yo, I'm a gay you're gay. Oh cool. I'll bro.
We're cool. So whenever you want, just break into my house.
And even if I'm screaming, no, just hit it and leave. It's all good.
Just hit it and leave.
Hey, that's not a fantasy.
That rail dude. That's more,
if you change your mind, no safe word, bro.
I got to pick a good say. I got to have a safe word.
Everyone should have a safe word.
No matter what with your couple with your partner, just in case goes nuts.
Even if you're a guy in a gross, you still have,
you still have a safe world word. My safe word is, Hey, look over there.
And then when they look, I choke them out and run out.
My safe word is, oh no, they're dropping a hydrogen bomb.
And then when they look up, I punch him in the face and run away.
A good, safe word is all. I'm going to all over myself and then to go.
Into, and then when they do that, they retract and then you run away. Do it. I'm
somebody was telling me if you're going to get, uh, like a costed,
like to just on yourself. And I'm like, dude, won't that?
Won't they like that more dude, these people are up creepy acids.
You on yourself. I don't even know if it's funny.
It's so up. It's such a weird situation. But anyway,
we did the bus. Um,
it's a little bit weird with the bus because then people find the bus and.
And it's like also you're just,
some of the nights are just sleeping out on the side of the road on a bus and
it's like, Hey, let's not, let's not in.
Color coat. This where homeless right now.
We're sleeping outside. We're sleeping on a wheels. Okay.
Just because there's a lamp in this bus doesn't mean we're not homeless for
eight hours in a Hoover, Alabama outside of the star,
dumb comedy club next to a blockbuster that they still
have. Cause it's Hoover. Right?
It was cool to do the bus. Um,
it's also cool. Cause you don't have to go to the airport a lot, whatever.
I don't know. What am I telling you?
Nobody in listening to this is going to get a bus, you know,
but I'm telling you.